docs: Document machine location moving feature for organization and location owners (#4395)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/app/apis/overrides/protos/app.UpdateRobot.md

Update an existing machine's name and/or location.

You can change:

- The machine's name (within the same location)
- The machine's location (within the same organization)
- Both name and location simultaneously

**Requirements for location changes:**

- You must be an organization owner, or have owner permissions for both the current and destination locations
- The destination location must be within the same organization
- No other machine in the destination location can have the same name

> **Important:** Changing a machine's location updates its network address to `<machine-main-part-name>.<new-location-id>.viam.cloud`.
> You'll need to update any code that references the old address.
> Access permissions will change based on the new location.

Reviewer: [opt]
- switch from nonstandard 'Important:' sentence prefix to an actual admonition
- use the (more useful and detailed) wording from the existing admonition that covers this information

Ideally we'd single-source this as an include, since it's repeat information. But at the very least we should update this page to mention that you lose historical data access from the previous location.

```suggestion
{{< alert title="Important" color="note" >}}
Moving a machine has several important implications:

- **Machine address changes**: The machine's network address will change to `<machine-main-part-name>.<new-location-id>.viam.cloud`. You'll need to update any code that references the old address.
- **Permission changes**: Access permissions will be updated. Users with access to the current location lose access, and users with access to the new location gain access to the machine.
- **Data access**: Users in the new location cannot access historical data from when the machine was in the previous location.
{{< /alert >}}
```
